Update twister documentation, remove obsolete content, fix typos... (#111448)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/twister/harness/display_capture.rst

    ``dhash`` (Difference Hash)
      Detects brightness patterns and gradients. Sensitive to contrast changes, e.g. brightness or
      contrast problems.
    ``histogram`` (Color Histogram)
      Analyzes color distribution. Fast at detecting obvious color problems, e.g. color swap bugs.
    ``combined`` (recommended method)
      Weights all methods together ( see :samp:`{method}_weight` option below ) for robust
      comparison. Provides balanced detection of both major and subtle visual issues.

  - ``threshold`` - The similarity score above which it is considered that there is a match between
    the reference and the captured fingerprints (optional float, defaults to 0.65).
  - ``phash_weight`` - The weight for the phash method (optional float, defaults to 0.35)
  - ``dhash_weight`` - The weight for the dhash method (optional float, defaults to 0.25)
  - ``histogram_weight`` - The weight for the histogram method (optional float, defaults to 0.2)
  - ``gradient_hist_weight`` - The weight for the gradient histogram method (optional float, defaults to 0.1)
  - ``edge_ratio_weight`` - The weight for the edge ratio method (optional float, defaults to 0.1)

> The configuration file path is specified in the test's ``testcase.yaml`` via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file path is specified in the test's ``tests.yaml`` file via the
```

    west flash

    # Configure for fingerprint generation mode by setting the 'operations' field to 'generate'
    # in the configuration file.

    # Generate fingerprints
    export DISPLAY_TEST_DIR=<path-to-config-directory>
    west twister --device-testing --hardware-map map.yml \
        -T tests/drivers/display/display_check/

Fingerprints are stored in the directory specified in the ``directory`` field of the configuration
file, and organized by test name and platform as defined in the ``metadata`` field of the
configuration file.

Once the fingerprints have been generated, you can run the test(s) again, this time in **comparison
mode**:

.. code-block:: bash

    # Set the 'operations' field to 'compare' in the configuration file.

    export DISPLAY_TEST_DIR=<path-to-fingerprints-parent-directory>
    west twister --device-testing --hardware-map map.yml \
        -T tests/drivers/display/display_check/

The harness compares captured video against reference fingerprints using the configured signature
methods and thresholds. If the similarity score between reference and captured fingerprints exceeds
the configured ``threshold``, the test passes.

.. note::

>    - The test name in the DUT's ``testcase.yaml`` must match the ``name`` field in the fingerprint's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The test name in the DUT's ``tests.yaml`` file must match the ``name`` field in the fingerprint's
```

Reviewer: a tree-wide search and replace as a follow-up would be nice, I guess.
